When we're growing up, we all have to make decisions.
We all have to choose which path we will take.
My parents raised me as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Our ministry, teaching others about the Bible, has always been an important part of my life.
When I was a teenager, I wanted to expand my ministry to take it to the next level.
There were friends in my local congregation who had gone to foreign countries and helped teach people the Bible.
Reading experiences from the yearbook motivated me that that was a goal that I wanted to set for myself.
After a few years of careful planning and saving, I was finally able to travel to Malawi.
The people there had such a high respect for the Bible. You could talk to someone walking down the street
or living in a small house or even a mansion.
And all were interested in what the Bible had to say.
This one time in Malawi, one of the workers invited us in.
Then the head of the house invited all the workers, family members,
came into the living room, sat down and he said, okay, what would you like to tell us from the Bible?
And I'm just sitting there like, wow, this is incredible.
It was so encouraging to be able to share Bible truths.
Some days you'd be out for 12 hours writing a home on the bus,
desk coming in the windows, sharing a seat with four people.
Even sometimes a chicken would be on your lap.
You'd get off the bus and you'd have to walk two miles home and you're just exhausted.
But you couldn't help but have a grin on your face because you felt like you accomplished something that day
and that you were doing the best work you could possibly do.
So many good things yet to be done.
It wasn't easy leaving home, learning a new language or even a new culture.
But because of those experiences, it taught me to rely more on Jehovah.
Sometimes when we're younger, we kind of get really involved in whatever environment we're in.
When you step outside of that box and you experience something that you've never handled before,
it helps you to grow as a person and serve to open ways you never thought were possible.
My name is Cameron. I'm one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I have the best life ever.